Hey, good morning family.
Well, we're going to take communion
today. I have some stuff
on my heart to talk to you all about. He
said to me, 'During this great
revival that's about to take place,
you are about to see something that
you've never seen before.'When I was
praying into the harvest,
he showed me the glory cloud again. And
he said, 'Brandon, you will see the
glory cloud, but it won't happen very
often.'He
said, 'That's something that I did in
the past.'But
he said, 'Behold,
I'm going to do all things new.
I am going to bring forth new rivers,
new oases in the desert.'He said,
'There will be in the days
ahead.'Listen
to me. This will bless you.
In the days ahead, a great refreshing
is coming to the ones that are dry.
A great river is coming.
And
he showed me, he said, 'Brandon,
whenever the healing
revival and the tent revival
started with Jack Coe
and Oral
Roberts and William Brandon and
all them, they would pray for people—and
A.A.
Allen, they would pray for
people—and
you didn't see anybody
falling out like they do now with the
courtesy falls. A lot of people
fall out.
You see a lot of that stuff and you
wonder, 'Is this performance or is it
authentic?'I
have experienced the authentic.
But whenever we first saw the
healing movement of the tent
revival, you didn't see anybody falling
in those tents. I didn't, at least. And
when I watch the old revival, I go
through and watch the old videos on
YouTube that started with Kathryn
Kuhlman.
It looked like—from what I
understand, from what I'm trying to
pinpoint—and
correct me if I'm
wrong, any of you elders, if you saw
people fall out in tent revivals,
then I'm wrong. But the Lord showed me
that that really started to take off
during Kathryn Kuhlman and Benny Hinn
and some of the others. And
now it happens all the time;
you see them pray for people, people fall
out.
And it was a wave, and then it was the
holy laughter and the shaking, and all
that happened with Rodney Howard-Browne, and
that happened a lot in the '90s. Then it
went into the early 2000s and so on,
right? So the Lord showed me, he said,
'Behold, I'm going to do something
new.'And
I had an open-eyed vision, and he
said, 'Brandon, I saw the glory cloud
come in.'But he said, 'What is going to
happen with this last outpouring, this
last push?'He said, 'I'm going to do
something that you've never seen before.
You need to start to think bigger,
for what has been in the past will be
something—I'm
going to do something
new.'And
I saw this
blonde-headed
woman. And I saw some other people come
down to the front of his meetings.
And a tangible wind of the spirit of the
Lord came in like a mighty rushing wind
with cloven tongues of fire like it was
in Acts chapter 2. And I'm
talking—there's
no way to explain
what I saw;
it doesn't make any sense. I
saw wind blowing these women's hair like
a whirlwind,
and it was whipping their hair around
and their clothes, and
they actually could feel the wind of the
spirit on them and they fell out that
way. I saw a wind as you went. It was
like the power of the Holy
Spirit. It was
like moving your hand,
and I saw the glory moving in the
atmosphere, and people could feel the
wind of the Holy Spirit in the
auditorium.
And as the wind of the Holy Spirit moved
through the auditorium, people were
getting healed and their hair was
actually tangibly moving.
And the Lord said, 'You've never seen
what I'm about to do in these last
days.'He
said that before, when
people would fall out, you had the people
in the audience saying, 'Is that real?
Is that real?'with the holy laughter,
if they're not experienced. But when
you feel a tangible move of the Holy
Spirit on you—like the glory cloud,
everybody could sense it in Azusa
Street.
The glory cloud—they said they played
with it as kids;
it was a tangible,
thick fog. And it even talks about it in
the Bible; it filled the Holy of Holies.
But the Lord said to me, 'I'm going to
do something new and it will be a
refreshing,
for my fragrance will fill the
atmosphere
whenever people are
ministering.'He
said, 'You
will tangibly smell my fragrance, for I
carry a
fragrance.'And
it was a refreshing. When
people breathe in this fragrance, the
Lord said it will be like
something you've never smelled—like heaven
on earth. Breathing in, and
you'll be physically healed. It will be
a wind of the spirit. I saw people
being touched by the Shekinah glory
in a different way than
we've ever seen before. He's going to do
something like we've never seen before.
And I saw the wind whipping around
people's hair and it was moving on them
and they were being refreshed.
And old wineskins that had turned into
vinegar turned into new wine.
A new fragrance, a new presence of the
Lord will be like an oasis in the days
ahead on people in major
services. And I'm telling you, they're
coming from the north; I'm telling you,
they're coming from the south; they're
coming from the east; they're coming
from the west. People are
hungry and they're desperate for
a move of God. They're desperate for a
fresh touch from the Lord. And I'm
telling you, he said, 'My yoke is easy
and my burden is light. Come unto me all
ye that are heavy laden and I will
give you
rest.'Do
you understand what God is about to
do? We've never seen it in generations
past. We're going to see a fresh touch
of the fire of the Holy Spirit on every
single person who is thirsty.
Those that are hungry, he said he's
going to give you fresh
meat.
Something new and tangible is coming and
he's looking for an 'all hands on
deck'experience
who will just say yes.
He said he would pour out his spirit
upon all flesh.
And I believe right now we are at that
place where he said, 'Brandon, it's time
to become more active in fasting. It's
time to become more in line with
prayer and fasting. Pray
and fast. Seek me daily and you will
find me.'I said, 'Lord, I need a fresh touch.'Give me
that living water and let
it
overflow. Not ministering to
people out of your reserves, but
ministering to my people out of the
overflow of your heart. Out of the
overflow to the extreme,
to the full, until
it overflows—out
of your belly shall flow rivers of
living water. And he told me, he said,
'That will come through fasting and
prayer,
seeking me daily, and you will find
me.'And
out of this personal, more
intimate relationship with me will
become a greater overflow out of you for
the people. But you'll not get there
until you have intimacy even on a
greater level with me.
There's many of my ministers, he said,
that are trying to minister out of their
reserves. And many of them are
ministering in a dry place.
But he said, 'I want you to drink from my
river. Drink from the well
that never shall run
dry.'Do
you understand? 'Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up,
Lord.'That's
where he's at. And
he told me, he said, 'He's uncapping
those wells of revival.'And I told you
what I saw about ORU and about what he's
going to do with the students there on the
ORU
campus. And he said, 'I'm going to
bring forth a great and mighty revival
with this
young generation, and it will be through
the Mabee Center. And I'm going to fill
that Mabee Center up.'And I'm telling
you, it's not going to be a convenient
move with people. It's
time for my bedtime.
We've seen it at our church. And
people—we
had probably five or six families
that stayed, and the rest of the
congregation left because it got too
late for them. How desperate are you? How
hungry? How thirsty are you?
How hungry? How desperate? How thirsty
are you?
Blessed are those that hunger and thirst
after righteousness, for they will be
filled.
I tell you this because it's so
important that you shake off the old you
and get ready for what God is about to
do.
When you experience the true healing
flow of the river of the Holy Spirit,
there's no time. You can be there
all night. Give me an alarm code; I'll
turn it on. Give me a key; I did that
for years. I just want
to sit at the feet of Jesus.
Who cares about anything else?
There's nothing else in this earth that
I want other than to be a Holy Ghost
junkie, you know.
But I don't want to be addicted
to a movement and not see
people's lives changed.
If we get a fresh drink—if we get
it—we
don't want to be Holy Ghost crack
addicts and not get changed, letting it
change us where we're getting a Holy
Ghost high every time we come in there
and we're not taking it out and dumping
it out on the nations.
You can either let it change you, or you
can be a Holy Ghost crack addict and
come from one high to another high to
another high and you don't do
anything with it. He's not touching you
so you can just have your Holy Ghost
goosebumps, take it
home and don't change, and then you come back
the next week and you have to be
resurrected spiritually because you're
spiritually dead again because you
didn't take a day-to-day
relationship with the Father. You only
got a Holy Ghost infilling on Sunday,
but the rest of the week you lived like
hell. The Lord wants you to come unto
him and be filled and controlled by the
Holy Spirit every single day of your
life to the overflow.
He's touching
you with the Holy Ghost and fire so that
you can take it to the generation that's
dying and thirsty. They need a fresh
touch from Jesus,
and he wants to give it to you so you
can give it to them. Let your
life be a light that shines unto all
men, women, children, whoever. Let it
flow up out of you, out of that river.
But you look like you have to be raised
from the dead when you come on Sunday
because you've gone through and you
haven't had intimacy with him all week.
There's something more, and there's
something wrong with a lot of it. I look
at it and say, 'Man, I don't want to be
the 25%.
I want to be
sitting at his feet. I'm desperate
for him. I need a fresh touch from
God.'And
what we're about to see,
'If I be lifted up,'he said, 'I will draw
all men unto
me.'Who
cares about popularity?
Who cares about the finances? I do not
care about how much money I'm going to
get in the days ahead from investments.
So what? What is it there for?
What did he do it for you for? It wasn't
for you to be stupid with it;
it's so that you can help further the
kingdom. Do you understand? He's coming.
I've told you a thousand times, and
there's so many of you that still don't
get it.
He's coming. Ladies and gentlemen, the
King is standing at the door.
The King is coming.
The King is coming. Do you understand?
He's coming.
We're about to see signs in the heavens.
We're about to see signs in the earth.
It's not funny; it's
serious. We're about to see some things
that
are going to shake to awake.
But are you going to be there with the
catcher's
mitts ready to receive the
people when they're coming in and
they're dry and they're thirsty and
they're going, 'Man, I need somebody to
help me'?
Are you going to be the one that says
come?
Are you going to be the one that has the
fire to say, 'I
know the way.
I know you're desperate. I know you're
hurting, but I know a Jesus that will
take care of all that for you if you
just bow your knee to him and worship
him today'?
Does that make sense?
It's going to take a person that's
sold out,
that's not worried about a time clock,
about convenience.
A revival, an awakening, is not going to
be convenient for a lot of you.
'Well, I didn't get to watch Friends
today'or
whatever. I don't know,
whatever the latest thing
is—probably
not that. 'I didn't get to watch
my whatever. I need to go home, and I'd
like to have my
latte.'I'm
talking about sold out. Are you sold out
for Jesus today? Are you sold out?
I have to tell you,
it's time to just get to that point
where you're just desperate, where
there's nothing else that matters. I'm
just saying I got so excited
when I saw what he's about to do.
When I saw all the people that were so
broken and so downcast get a fresh touch
from Jesus and see their faces changed
by the power of the Holy Spirit. When
you see that heaviness, and they feel
that they're so lost, and then they
finally have
hope—that's
what it's all about, showing
them the way for what's about to come.
Yeah, I've seen some dark things, darker
than most,
but I'm so focused on him. I want to
be so precise that I don't miss anything
that he has for me. I do not want to
miss anything, and I will lack no good
thing that he has for me. I said, 'Man,
yes, there's a lot of pressure with
leading this, but I will tell you this:
there's nothing that can compare to
sitting at his feet after you fast and
you get in that
vein.'And
you go, 'What is it that is so
easy?'Just
denying the flesh, taking up the
cross, and following him
through
inconvenience for hunger,
inconvenience for what's convenient.
I told my wife, we were talking
about it, she said, 'Brandon,
we're so desperate. We're so thirsty.
We're so hungry for what he's about to
do.'I
want to be right in the center of it.
I want to be on the front row of what
he's doing
and just sit there and soak it
up.
You know,
fill my cup, Lord. I'm excited for
what's coming, y'all. I have an
anticipation for what I saw with the
glorious outpouring of what he's
about to do. A new thing, a new thing is
coming. And excitement should be inside
of you.
Anticipation. Expectation will bring the
manifestation of what you're believing
God for.
Expect God to do something big in your
life. And whenever he does it, get ready
to share it with your neighbor and tell
everyone around you what God has done.
He doesn't heal you just to heal you.
He doesn't bring finances just so you
can hoard it up. He does things in your
life supernaturally to heal your body,
to touch you, so that you can do
something to tell people about what he's
done.
Look at the lepers.
There was only one that came back
to give Jesus thanks and say thank you.
How many of you, whenever he touches your
life for what you've been believing for
all this time, will not go and give God
the praise for what he's done?
God, I worship you. Lord, you are good
and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy
endures forever.
He is worthy of all our praise.
He is worthy of all our everything. God,
you are so good and we just want to say
thank you.
Don't be the leper that
doesn't come back and tell Jesus thank
you.
And don't be a doubting Thomas
that—if
Jesus was healing the
sick today for what I'm seeing coming,
would he tell you to leave the room
because you have no faith to believe for
what's about to take place? He'll have
to bypass you and say, 'Listen, sister
so-and-so,
we need you to step outside
because your faith is dampening the
atmosphere.'Or
would he say, 'You can stay because
we know you know how to tug along and
believe for big like he did at
Jairus's
house'? I refuse to be one that
Jesus would have to say, 'Please leave
the
room.'I
just want to be with him and say,
'Well done, thy good and faithful
servant, Brandon.'You're doing it. You
believe me for—I stagger not at the
promise of God through unbelief, but
am
strong in faith, giving glory to God,
being fully persuaded
that what God has promised he's able
also to perform
it—that
he's given one last call, ladies and
gentlemen, for the greatest harvest of
souls this world has ever seen. So we
pray right now and we're going to lift
up our president. We're going to lift up
these meetings
and we're going to give God praise for
what he's about to do, ladies and
gentlemen, in this earth. For it will be
like waters covering the sea.
It will be a Holy Ghost revival
throughout this whole world and then the
end will come. I'm telling you, a major
outpouring. So, Father, I thank
you, Lord, for you're
going to give drink to the thirsty.
You're going to give bread to the
hungry. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
those that are dry and thirsty that we
come unto you. And we're not going to
just do it and have a Holy Ghost shake
out, but we're going to get
filled and we're going to dump it
all over those around us.
Father, I know you touch those around
us so that we can touch the
nations for you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a Holy
Ghost Woodstock
and fire Woodstock, that there will
be fields of people throughout the whole
United States of America
filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost and a mighty rushing wind will
fill them with cloven tongues of fire.
There will be a mighty
outpouring of the spirit of the Lord
that will be something that
we've never seen before, and it will be
something that touches the nations in a
mighty Holy Ghost Woodstock.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for touching every single person
that is represented here today. That you
would bring them a fresh fire. You would
bring a fresh anointing on their life.
That Father, from the top of their head
to the soles of their feet, they're
filled with and controlled by the Holy
Spirit.
They're stirred right now
that they break off the bondage of
despair,
depression,
and
anxiety. And they come up higher with
the fire in the name of Jesus. They
shake off the beggar's cloak, they
get excited and they stir themselves up by
praying in the spirit and by reading
their Bible. They get in that living river of water and they
get
themselves
stirred up and
they're getting on fire for Jesus.
For the dry and the thirsty are looking
for something that is authentic and
real. Will we have it to take to them?
They don't want dried
up, dead, dirty old religion, but they
want something that's fresh and new.
That's why they stay away from the
churches and they're leaving the
churches by the millions because they're
tired of religion. They want a
relationship. And Father, we call forth
a fresh relationship today.
Father, you said that those
that seek me will find me. Those that
knock, the door will be open unto them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every
single person today on this platform
is
seeking you and they will find
you. For the eyes of the Lord are
running to and fro throughout the whole
earth, looking for a heart who's perfect
toward him. Let your eyes rest upon me,
oh God. Let your eyes not have to wander
throughout the whole earth anymore
because you found your man. You
found your woman today. We're hungry,
thirsty,
and
desperate. We need a fresh touch. We
need a fresh drink.
We want to be at the spout
where the glory comes out. Let us be
your vessel that goes throughout
all the earth and sets the captives
free by the blood of the lamb and by the
word of our testimony, telling the people
that Jesus Christ is alive and he's
risen from the dead and he is seated at
the right hand of the Father.
He is not just some pathetic Jesus
that was, but he's alive and he is
the
I Am that I Am, and he is delivering
the people because Jesus Christ is the same
yesterday, today, and forever.
And he's healing the sick today if you
believe him for it. He's delivering
people today if you believe him for it.
All you have to do is reach out with
simple faith and believe that all things
are possible to him who
believes.
How bad do you want change in
your life?
I'm desperate for a move of God. I am
hungry for a mighty move of God. Let the
wind of his spirit flow on me like he
did once before in the past.
I don't want to live in the past.
I don't want what I had back then. I
want a fresh touch for today.
I don't want that new wine that was
inside of me becoming vinegar and old. I
want a fresh Holy Ghost and fire on my
life today. Being seated at his feet at
that throne saying, 'Jesus, touch me one
more time. Give me a fresh drink,
Lord.
I need one more
touch.'How
desperate are you for a touch from
Jesus today?
I'm passionate about it
because I've been at the bottom and
think, 'Man, if I could just have
somebody give me a fresh drink, help me
to get to that river, teach me how to
get there.'And I found it.
I have a relationship with Jesus and he
visits me.
And I want you to have a relationship
with Jesus and he'll visit you. For he
is no respecter of persons, but he is a
respecter
of faith and he is
a respecter
of those that diligently seek
him.
He's not going to—it's like if you're
just lazy and just like, 'I don't
care,'then
that's what you'll get. But
those that are desperate and those that
are thirsty and those that are hungry
and you say, 'I'm desperate.
I'm hungry. I need a fresh touch. I need
more of it. I need more of you,
Lord.'How
much more fire do you need? How much
more do you need of the Holy Spirit in
these last days to say, 'Jesus, I don't
want to live like this anymore.
I'm trying to shake you inside.'How bad
do you want change in your life today,
ladies and gentlemen?
It's at his feet. It's at this
communion. And it's not hard. He made it
so
that a little child can come to him, a
little 5-year-old girl like my
little girl that goes to
him and says, 'Father,
I just want to know
you.'He
didn't say, 'Come to him as
spiritual adults.'He said, 'Come to him
as
children.'So
I come to him as a child. Simple.
Father, it's like a little child has a
broken toy.
'Dad, I've got a broken this or that. Fix
it.'Not
sophisticated,
just simple.
Father, I'm broken. I need a fresh touch
today.
I need fresh strength today. I need
more.
I need a fresh wind.
And I pray for that
fresh fire on you today. I pray for a
fresh drink for you today.
Fill their cup, Lord.
They lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup,
fill it up and make me whole.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench
this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven,
feed us till we want no more.
Fill our cup.
Fill it up and make me whole.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you
were
wounded for our transgressions. You
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we're healed. And
Lord, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you've healed
us. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
every sickness, every disease is part of
the curse. And Galatians, that
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of
the law. And Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we're healed from the top of our
head to the soles of our feet today. And
we thank you, Lord, for your body that
was broken for us. We thank you, Lord,
for your fresh touch today. We thank
you, Lord, that we can come unto you
and you said you'd give us rest. I take
this body right now in the name of
Jesus.
Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood
and we apply the blood over our sins. We
apply—you
said, if you confess your
sins, you're faithful and just to
forgive me of my sins and cleanse me
from all unrighteousness.
So, Father, I know there's some days I'm
a rascal and I need to repent
of those things. And Father, I thank
you, Lord. You see it.
Forgive me, Lord. I thank you, Lord,
that I'm able to come to you and be bold
because of this blood.
And we lift up the cup of the covenant
before you, Father. And we thank you,
Lord, for the blood that covers us from
the top of our head to the soles of our
feet. And we enter in by the blood of
the Lamb and by the word of our
testimony. Jesus set me free.
Jesus set you free. And we are no
longer—all
that sin is washed away. And behold,
I make all things new. That's what the
Bible says. So, Father, I thank you,
Lord. We take this blood right now in
the name of Jesus and we apply it to our
lives. We apply it to our marriages. We
apply it to our children. We apply it to
all that is around us. I apply
the blood of Jesus. And when we make
much of the blood, the blood makes much
of us. We apply the blood of Jesus. And
we say, 'Thus far, Satan, and no
further. You'll not cross the
bloodline.
No witchcraft, no incantations, no
chants,
no voodoo, no spiritual
nothing, no witchcraft of any kind will
come nigh us.'Every tongue that rises
against us, we condemn it. It falls
to our feet; it will not bear fruit on
us. A curse without a cause cannot
stand.
And we plead the blood, Father, that
there's no cause. There is no cause for
a curse. We apply the blood in
Jesus'name.
Take it.
Thank you, Father. We
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise. Now, Father, I thank you, Lord,
for President Trump
in this meeting with Bibi. And we
thank you, Father, that they have
wisdom, that Trump would have wisdom.
And there is a
Jonathan-David
relationship coming up out of this like
never before. There will be a flow with
this relationship.
And we thank you, Father, that you've
called him for the Kingdom for such a
time as this. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that there are divine friendships and
relationships that are being
brought up. And Father, financial
blessing will come over America like a
big mighty
waterfall. And God, we give you all the
glory, honor, and praise for it. We call
people healed. We call people whole. We
call people well. We thank you, Lord,
that their marriages are restored. Their
children are coming home. We call the
blinders off of their eyes right now in
the name of Jesus. We say, Satan, take
your hands off of their eyes in
Jesus'name.
Father, you said in the word that
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever.
So we say in the name of Jesus to take
your hands off of their eyes in
Jesus'name
and that the eyes of their
understanding would be enlightened
today. We give you all the glory, honor,
and praise for it, Father, for the
unsaved loved ones are
coming home. Father, we thank
you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you,
Lord, for your mercy. We thank you, Lord,
for how good you are. For you are good
and your mercy endures forever.
Lord, we thank you. We thank you,
Lord, for we make much of the blood. Lord,
we apply
the blood
of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
If you know how to—if you're baptized in
the Holy Ghost, you can pray with me.
But I feel a river to pray, so
you can pray, too.
For
now,
we call forth
the revival. We call forth a mighty Holy
Ghost revival over this nation and around
the world in a move of the Spirit like
we've never seen before. We're calling
it in in the name of Jesus. Father, we
thank you, Lord, that
the leaders would
get their hearts ready for what's about
to take place in the earth. For a mighty
move of the presence of the Lord is
coming like a mighty wave one last time.
And Lord, we thank you that we're
a part of it in
Jesus'name.
We give you praise and
glory and honor for it in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Glory to God. Thank you, Lord, that
you're exposing the rat in the White
House.
You're exposing the terrorist cells
in America.
We pray over Cuba, Father, for an
alignment of a glory outpouring over
Cuba.
Father, over Europe, Father, we take
authority over the virus—all the plans
they have to try to do this virus and
try to kill, steal, and destroy. We bind
it back in the name of Jesus and it will
not happen. Father, I thank you. I know
what you said that it would happen in
the word later on. But Father, I
thank you, Lord, that we have more
reprieve.
Father, bring in the lost.
Father, we don't want to see a third of
the people die right now,
Lord. I know
that there's certain things that will
take place and there's certain things
that will not stop because it's part of
the end times. But Father, I thank you,
Lord. Even if it were, Father, in the
natural, it will not touch us. We
will not be afraid of this. It will
not touch our homes, Father, because
we're underneath that shelter of the
Most High. We're underneath the shadow
of the Almighty. We believe, Father,
that you are a great defender, our
protector, and the name of the Lord is a
strong tower and the righteous run
into it and they are safe. We believe,
Father, that we walk by that divine
Holy Ghost covering like that Holy Ghost
glow like honey—the Holy Ghost honey.
Father, your Holy Ghost honey is
over us. It's the anointing of the Holy
Spirit and you protect us, Father. And
we believe we receive that divine
protection in the name of Jesus.
And everyone say, 'Amen and amen.'I know
this video is going on over an hour, but
I want you to be encouraged
today. I want you to lift up your
countenance to him and be excited that
Jesus is going to do one last major push
and we're going to see things we've
never seen before. Well, if you're new
here and you've never watched one of
our videos, I appreciate you coming. I
hope it blessed you. Please like it,
subscribe if you haven't subscribed,
click the notification bell, click
the thumbs up—do all the things
to help us with the algorithm. We
appreciate you helping us get the gospel
out. If you're new
here, you don't know about our Spanish
channel, our Chinese channel, our South
Korean channel, our Vietnam
channel—all
the channels that we have
are
translated for you with AI technology.
Amazing what my son and my wife are
doing. And we're excited that God
is—we're
getting the gospel spread out
throughout the whole world. So, we're
excited for you. If you want to watch
those channels, they're there.
Thank you for subscribing. Thank you for
being a part of this, and we will
continue to keep fanning the flame.
Well, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you all
and we will see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.